 What is Power BI?
 What are the components and elements parts of Power BI?
 What is Power BI Desktop? Why do we need a Power BI Desktop?
 What is Power Query?
 What is DAX?
 What is the difference between a Calculated Column and a measure?
 What is Import, Direct Query, and Live Mode?
 What are the different types of visuals?
 How to do a multi-column sort on a visual?
 What is conditional formatting in Power BI and three format styles?
 When does conditional formatting become unavailable?
 What are Interactions in Power BI?
 What are Field Parameters in Power BI- dynamic Axis using a slicer?
 Before the field parameters, how do we achieve dynamic dimensions and axes?
 What are bookmarks in Power BI? How can pass slicer values across bookmarks?
 What is the difference between sumx and sum in power bi?
 What is the difference between calculate and calculatetable?
 What is the difference between Summarize and SummarizeColumns?
 What is the difference between all and allselected in power bi?
 What is the difference between filtering data in CALCULATE with and without FILTER Expression?
 By default, sort order for RANKX? If we add an additional column same granularity, will I get the same ranks?
 What is the difference between skip and dense in Rank?
 Please provide a measure for top  states by gross sales?
 When Grand Total does not equal the sum of rows?
 Why Date table is very important in Power BI?
 What are some best practices related to Time intelligence?
 What do mean by MTD, QTD, and YTD? Could you provide the formulas for calculating MTD, QTD, and YTD?
 For which specific month does an MTD measure using DATESMTD display its value on card visual without a filter?
 Calculation Of Last Year Date for the very first date in the date table?
 Then how can I get the date year before for today?
 Are they same - LMTD= CALCULATE([Net],DATESMTD(dateadd(‘Date’[Date],-,Month))) or CALCULATE([Net], Previousmonth(‘Date’[Date]))?
 How can I display a trend for the last  months when one month is selected?
 How do sort the Month Year in the format MMM-YYYY?
 What type of schema is preferred for Power BI modeling?
 What is the RELATED function? and the difference between RELATED and RELATEDTABLE?
 What is the difference between search and find?
 What does FIRSTNONBLANKVALUE function do?
 Give examples of Power BI functions that are very similar to SQL window functions?
 What are the differences between Rank and Rankx?
 What is the difference between GENERATE and CROSSJOIN?
 What is the difference between the CALENDAR and CALENDARAUTO?
 What is the best way to find min values 5 columns or measures for a given table row or visual row?
 How can we repeat the value of a measure or column?
 How can we generate a series of odd numbers or even numbers?
 Power Query Unpivot Multiple columns sets
 HR Analytics - Tenure Bucketing - Active employee, Hired, Terminated. Use relationship- Inactive Joins
 TOPN with Others and ABC Analytics, window function, and Matrix as Project Plan Visual 
 Field Parameters- Set of measures, Always Sort on Axis, Live connection 
 Power Query- Cross Join, Merge Excel Sheets Data